writing/evaluation.md, before:

# Professional Evaluation

## Add Your Name Here

Please see the instructions in the README.md file for more details!

## Learning Objectives

A proactive programmer studying **discrete structures** should demonstrate the
mastery of these learning objectives in the categories of **mathematical
communication**, **rigorous programming**, and **effective communication**.
According to [Robert Talbert](https://rtalbert.org/), a learning objective must
be "a clear, measurable action that a student should be able to do once the
lesson is over". For the purposes of this site, these learning objectives
are not for a specific lesson but rather an entire course for either an
Allegheny College student or, for the duration of self-paced learning, all other
emerging proactive programmers.

## Mathematical Communication

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following mathematical communication
skills:

### Discrete Structures

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Import it and
then integrate it ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

# Discrete Structures

- Given the opportunity to input, store, and output a type of data, pick the
  correct discrete structure (e.g., a number, set, sequence, stream, dictionary,
  or tree) and then:
    - Import it and then integrate it into a correct, well-tested, and
      well-documented Python program consisting of between one hundred and five
      hundred lines of code.
    - Use formal and precise mathematical language to correctly describe the
      representation, behavior, and limitations of the type of data.
    - Justify the decision to use a specific discrete structure to solve a
      problem.
- Given the formal definition of a discrete structure that is described with
  mathematical notation, correctly translate it into a Python program, bearing
  in mind the ways in which the working system may diverge from the formal
  definition due to, for instance, implementation concerns related to
  computational costs and storage overheads.
- Given the formal definition of a discrete structure and its implementation as
  a Python program, correctly describe its properties, demonstrate and verify
  those properties through testing and/or proof, describe how these properties
  are similar to and/or different from other discrete structures, and explain
  when it is appropriate to use the structure.
- Correctly complete Python programming tasks with each discrete structure. For
  instance:
    - Using the formal definition of Boolean logic operations like `and`, `or`,
      and `implies`, translate a truth table discrete structure into an
      equivalent implementation in a Python program that uses conditional logic,
      function definitions, and function calls.
    - Use the formal definition of a monoid to describe and predict the output
      of operations (e.g., concatentation) on textual strings in the Python
      programming language.
    - Use the formal definition of a monoid to describe and predict the output
      of operations (e.g., concatentation) on finite and infinite streams in a
      Python program.
    - Use the formal definition of a set and set-theoretic operations like
      union, intersection, and containment check to implement a Python program
      that stores data in a set and correctly manipulates the data using the
      aforementioned operations.
    - Given the formal definition of the domain and range of a mathematical
      function, implement that function as either a traditional Python function
      or a dictionary.
    - Using the formal definition of a graph and a file with graph-theoretic
      data, create an adjacency matrix representaton of the graph and save it
      using a Python program.

### Mathematical Functions

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Translate the
formal notation ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Leveraging an understanding of higher-order functions, lambda functions, and
  generating functions, use a problem statement involving one or more discrete
  structures to:
    - Translate the formal notation and equations used in the problem statement
      to an algorithm that describes, in a step-by-step fashion, how to solve
      the problem.
    - Pick the most suitable type of function(s) for the problem, implement it
      in an industry-standard manner using the Python programming language, and
      then use testing to demonstrate its correctness and experimentation to
      evaluate its performance.
    - After implementing a function in Python using, for instance, higher-order
      functions like `map`, `reduce`, and `filter`, translate that to an
      equivalent implementation using, for instance, lambda functions and/or
      traditional Python functions.
    - After using Python type annotations to precisely document the type and
      structure of the input and output of a Python function, use a type checker
      to confirm that all of the functions in a program communicate with each
      other in a type-safe fashion.
    - Use formal statements to defend the validity of the design,
      implementation, and testing decisions made when solving a problem with
      the chosen function(s).

### Data Analysis

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Input, process,
check, ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the end of the
learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a number from
1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Given one or more sets of textual, numerical, categorical, binary, or combined
  data (that may have missing and/or corrupted data values), implement, test,
  use, and evaluate a Python function that supports data analysis through the
  completion of these steps:
    - Input, process, check, and clean the data sets to confirm their
      correctness.
    - Run an appropriate statistical technique (e.g., the calculation of a mean,
      median, or standard deviation) to summarize and analyze the data.
    - Use an appropriate data visualization technique that can create graphs and
      diagrams that highlight the salient properties of the data set (e.g., show
      the general trends in the data set while drawing attention to the
      dispersion of values).
    - Use statistical analysis and data visualization techniques to identify
      hidden trends in a data set, supporting the prediction of new data values
      and properties.
    - Implement and use an appropriate data processing method that transforms
      the data into any format required by any external functions (e.g., convert
      from JSON to CSV).

## Rigorous Programming

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following programming skills:

### Python Programming

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Has function
and variable names that ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go
to the end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by
adding a number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Write short Python functions of ten to twenty lines that have the following
  characteristics:
    - Has function and variable names that adhere to an industry-standard coding
      style.
    - Has descriptive comments for module definition and both the function's
      declaration and the function's code that adhere to an industry-standard
      coding style.
    - Features a source code format that adheres to an industry-standard coding
      style.
    - Passes an automated test suite, written with an industry-standard
      framework such as [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), showing that it
      correctly implements the specification for the function.
    - Has an automated test suite, written with an industry-standard framework
      such as [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), that covers at least the 80%
      of the statements and branches in the function.
    - Performs the specified operation in an efficient fashion, as determined
      through experiments that evaluate the function's performance in seconds or
      milliseconds.
    - Correctly uses assignment statements, iteration constructs, conditional
      logic, function invocation, and function recursion in a way that passes
      the function's test suite, works efficiently, and conveys the intended
      function's purpose in a Pythonic fashion.
    - Correctly uses discrete structure variables such as numbers, tuples, sets,
      streams, and sequences in a way that passes the test suite, works
      efficiently, and conveys the intended purpose of the function in a
      Pythonic fashion.
    - Correctly performs file and console input and output, ensuring that all
      input and output is displayed and stored correctly, is not corrupted, and
      is processed efficiently.
    - Correctly performs calculations for statistical properties of a data set
      (e.g., the mean, median, and standard deviation), while also clearly
      displaying the data, its relevant summarization values, and the
      interpretation of all statistical properties.
  - Write correct Python programs consisting of between one and five hundred
    lines of source code that correctly solve problems using the aforementioned
    discrete structures.

### Programming Tools

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Install,
upgrade, and use ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Use a Python programming environment to complete these tasks while
  implementing a Python program consisting of between one and five hundred lines
  of code:
    - Install, upgrade, and use [Python](https://www.python.org/) 3.8, 3.9, or
      3.10 programming environment to create, run, and debug a Python program
      through a terminal window and/or a text editor.
    - Use [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) to install a Python program's
      dependencies, create a virtual environment, and run it without error in an
      isolated and self-contained configuration.
    - Use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to run, in an isolated container and
      without error, a Python program, an automated test suite, and automated
      grading tools such as
      [GatorGrader](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader).
    - Use and create a test suite implemented with
      [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/) to detect a failure in a Python program
      and then effectively use tools like a text editor and a terminal window to
      find and fix the fault, ultimately confirming that the Python program no
      longer contains the fault and that the fix did not compromise other
      functions in the program.
    - Use a text editor like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) to
      implement, test, debug, document, and manage the source code of a Python
      program, leveraging plugins and extensions to enhance your workflow.

### Version Control

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Clone a GitHub
repository ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the end of
the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a number
from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Use the [GitHub](https://github.com/) platform and the
  [Git](https://git-scm.com/) version control system in the following fashion:
    - Clone a GitHub repository without error using either a command in a
      terminal window or an extension for Git integration in a text editor like
      VS Code.
    - Write short and descriptive commit messages that explain the specific way
      in which a commit changes the source code and documentation in the GitHub
      repository.
    - Navigate reports produced by [GitHub
      Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) so as to determine which
      aspects of a GitHub repository do and do not adhere to a project's
      specification.
    - Use the [GitHub Flow model](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/)
      to implement specific features in a branch of a GitHub repository and
      then merge that branch to the main one only after all the checks run by
      GitHub Actions pass as required and code reviews confirm the code's
      correctness.
    - Create and discuss programming and technical writing issues through the
      use of the [GitHub Issue
      Tracker](https://github.com/ProactiveProgrammers/www.proactiveprogrammers.com/issues)
      and the [GitHub Discussion
      Forum](https://github.com/ProactiveProgrammers/www.proactiveprogrammers.com/discussions),
      furnishing descriptive titles and problem descriptions that adhere to
      industry best practices and project templates.
    - Submit completed projects that pass all of the instructor-provided and
      industry-standard checks, as evidenced through the report of a passing
      build by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).

## Technical Communication

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "In the correct
public channel ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following technology-mediated
communication skills:

- Use [Discord](https://discord.com/) to effectively communicate about
  technology in the following fashion:
    - In the correct public channel, post a question that includes source
      code segments, screenshots, and a description of the steps taken in an
      attempt to solve a problem.
    - Answer questions that were posted in a public channel, responding with
      source code segments, screenshots, and links to external references,
      pointing the proactive programmer who asked the question in the right
      direction without solving the problem for them and limiting their
      opportunity to learn more about the topic in question.
    - Proactively offer to help others who may need to learn scientific,
      mathematical, or technical knowledge and skills that a learner has already
      mastered by sharing the acquired knowledge or skill, how you can be
      contacted, and how you can best assist.

## Opportunities for Improvement

### Your Professional Improvement Plan

TODO: Please write at least two paragraphs that explain the steps that you plan
to take to improve your overall mastery of the technical knowledge and skills
developed as a part of the Discrete Structures course. Your professional
improvement plan should explain SMART (i.e., Specific, Measurable, Achievable,
Relevant, and Time-Bounded) steps that you can take to improve your technical
knowledge and skills during the remainder of the Fall 2021 semester. Please
make sure that you clearly explain why your goals are SMART!

## Suggestions for Improving the Learning Objectives

TODO: Please write at least one paragraph that explains the ways in which the
course instructor and/or the student technical leaders can, for instance,
improve the statement of the learning outcomes, improve teaching in a way that
makes it more possible for you to attain mastery of the learning outcomes,
remove or modify the existing learning outcomes, or add new learning outcomes.
You may also share any other feedback for improving learning in Discrete
Structures.

Commit message:

feat: Add a TODO reminder to the top of the evaluation file.

writing/evaluation.md, after:

# Professional Evaluation

TODO: Please refer to the online version of these learning objectives
that is available at the following web site:
https://proactiveprogrammers.com/discrete-structures/learning-objectives-discrete-structures/.
If you notice any inconsistencies between the learning objectives listed
in this file, please alert the course instructor. Ultimately, the
learning objectives that are listed on the web site are the official
ones for this course.

## Add Your Name Here

Please see the instructions in the README.md file for more details!

## Learning Objectives

A proactive programmer studying **discrete structures** should demonstrate the
mastery of these learning objectives in the categories of **mathematical
communication**, **rigorous programming**, and **effective communication**.
According to [Robert Talbert](https://rtalbert.org/), a learning objective must
be "a clear, measurable action that a student should be able to do once the
lesson is over". For the purposes of this site, these learning objectives
are not for a specific lesson but rather an entire course for either an
Allegheny College student or, for the duration of self-paced learning, all other
emerging proactive programmers.

## Mathematical Communication

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following mathematical communication
skills:

### Discrete Structures

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Import it and
then integrate it ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

# Discrete Structures

- Given the opportunity to input, store, and output a type of data, pick the
  correct discrete structure (e.g., a number, set, sequence, stream, dictionary,
  or tree) and then:
    - Import it and then integrate it into a correct, well-tested, and
      well-documented Python program consisting of between one hundred and five
      hundred lines of code.
    - Use formal and precise mathematical language to correctly describe the
      representation, behavior, and limitations of the type of data.
    - Justify the decision to use a specific discrete structure to solve a
      problem.
- Given the formal definition of a discrete structure that is described with
  mathematical notation, correctly translate it into a Python program, bearing
  in mind the ways in which the working system may diverge from the formal
  definition due to, for instance, implementation concerns related to
  computational costs and storage overheads.
- Given the formal definition of a discrete structure and its implementation as
  a Python program, correctly describe its properties, demonstrate and verify
  those properties through testing and/or proof, describe how these properties
  are similar to and/or different from other discrete structures, and explain
  when it is appropriate to use the structure.
- Correctly complete Python programming tasks with each discrete structure. For
  instance:
    - Using the formal definition of Boolean logic operations like `and`, `or`,
      and `implies`, translate a truth table discrete structure into an
      equivalent implementation in a Python program that uses conditional logic,
      function definitions, and function calls.
    - Use the formal definition of a monoid to describe and predict the output
      of operations (e.g., concatentation) on textual strings in the Python
      programming language.
    - Use the formal definition of a monoid to describe and predict the output
      of operations (e.g., concatentation) on finite and infinite streams in a
      Python program.
    - Use the formal definition of a set and set-theoretic operations like
      union, intersection, and containment check to implement a Python program
      that stores data in a set and correctly manipulates the data using the
      aforementioned operations.
    - Given the formal definition of the domain and range of a mathematical
      function, implement that function as either a traditional Python function
      or a dictionary.
    - Using the formal definition of a graph and a file with graph-theoretic
      data, create an adjacency matrix representaton of the graph and save it
      using a Python program.

### Mathematical Functions

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Translate the
formal notation ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Leveraging an understanding of higher-order functions, lambda functions, and
  generating functions, use a problem statement involving one or more discrete
  structures to:
    - Translate the formal notation and equations used in the problem statement
      to an algorithm that describes, in a step-by-step fashion, how to solve
      the problem.
    - Pick the most suitable type of function(s) for the problem, implement it
      in an industry-standard manner using the Python programming language, and
      then use testing to demonstrate its correctness and experimentation to
      evaluate its performance.
    - After implementing a function in Python using, for instance, higher-order
      functions like `map`, `reduce`, and `filter`, translate that to an
      equivalent implementation using, for instance, lambda functions and/or
      traditional Python functions.
    - After using Python type annotations to precisely document the type and
      structure of the input and output of a Python function, use a type checker
      to confirm that all of the functions in a program communicate with each
      other in a type-safe fashion.
    - Use formal statements to defend the validity of the design,
      implementation, and testing decisions made when solving a problem with
      the chosen function(s).

### Data Analysis

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Input, process,
check, ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the end of the
learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a number from
1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Given one or more sets of textual, numerical, categorical, binary, or combined
  data (that may have missing and/or corrupted data values), implement, test,
  use, and evaluate a Python function that supports data analysis through the
  completion of these steps:
    - Input, process, check, and clean the data sets to confirm their
      correctness.
    - Run an appropriate statistical technique (e.g., the calculation of a mean,
      median, or standard deviation) to summarize and analyze the data.
    - Use an appropriate data visualization technique that can create graphs and
      diagrams that highlight the salient properties of the data set (e.g., show
      the general trends in the data set while drawing attention to the
      dispersion of values).
    - Use statistical analysis and data visualization techniques to identify
      hidden trends in a data set, supporting the prediction of new data values
      and properties.
    - Implement and use an appropriate data processing method that transforms
      the data into any format required by any external functions (e.g., convert
      from JSON to CSV).

## Rigorous Programming

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following programming skills:

### Python Programming

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Has function
and variable names that ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go
to the end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by
adding a number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Write short Python functions of ten to twenty lines that have the following
  characteristics:
    - Has function and variable names that adhere to an industry-standard coding
      style.
    - Has descriptive comments for module definition and both the function's
      declaration and the function's code that adhere to an industry-standard
      coding style.
    - Features a source code format that adheres to an industry-standard coding
      style.
    - Passes an automated test suite, written with an industry-standard
      framework such as [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), showing that it
      correctly implements the specification for the function.
    - Has an automated test suite, written with an industry-standard framework
      such as [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), that covers at least the 80%
      of the statements and branches in the function.
    - Performs the specified operation in an efficient fashion, as determined
      through experiments that evaluate the function's performance in seconds or
      milliseconds.
    - Correctly uses assignment statements, iteration constructs, conditional
      logic, function invocation, and function recursion in a way that passes
      the function's test suite, works efficiently, and conveys the intended
      function's purpose in a Pythonic fashion.
    - Correctly uses discrete structure variables such as numbers, tuples, sets,
      streams, and sequences in a way that passes the test suite, works
      efficiently, and conveys the intended purpose of the function in a
      Pythonic fashion.
    - Correctly performs file and console input and output, ensuring that all
      input and output is displayed and stored correctly, is not corrupted, and
      is processed efficiently.
    - Correctly performs calculations for statistical properties of a data set
      (e.g., the mean, median, and standard deviation), while also clearly
      displaying the data, its relevant summarization values, and the
      interpretation of all statistical properties.
  - Write correct Python programs consisting of between one and five hundred
    lines of source code that correctly solve problems using the aforementioned
    discrete structures.

### Programming Tools

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Install,
upgrade, and use ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Use a Python programming environment to complete these tasks while
  implementing a Python program consisting of between one and five hundred lines
  of code:
    - Install, upgrade, and use [Python](https://www.python.org/) 3.8, 3.9, or
      3.10 programming environment to create, run, and debug a Python program
      through a terminal window and/or a text editor.
    - Use [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) to install a Python program's
      dependencies, create a virtual environment, and run it without error in an
      isolated and self-contained configuration.
    - Use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to run, in an isolated container and
      without error, a Python program, an automated test suite, and automated
      grading tools such as
      [GatorGrader](https://github.com/GatorEducator/gatorgrader).
    - Use and create a test suite implemented with
      [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/) to detect a failure in a Python program
      and then effectively use tools like a text editor and a terminal window to
      find and fix the fault, ultimately confirming that the Python program no
      longer contains the fault and that the fix did not compromise other
      functions in the program.
    - Use a text editor like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) to
      implement, test, debug, document, and manage the source code of a Python
      program, leveraging plugins and extensions to enhance your workflow.

### Version Control

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "Clone a GitHub
repository ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the end of
the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a number
from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

- Use the [GitHub](https://github.com/) platform and the
  [Git](https://git-scm.com/) version control system in the following fashion:
    - Clone a GitHub repository without error using either a command in a
      terminal window or an extension for Git integration in a text editor like
      VS Code.
    - Write short and descriptive commit messages that explain the specific way
      in which a commit changes the source code and documentation in the GitHub
      repository.
    - Navigate reports produced by [GitHub
      Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) so as to determine which
      aspects of a GitHub repository do and do not adhere to a project's
      specification.
    - Use the [GitHub Flow model](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/)
      to implement specific features in a branch of a GitHub repository and
      then merge that branch to the main one only after all the checks run by
      GitHub Actions pass as required and code reviews confirm the code's
      correctness.
    - Create and discuss programming and technical writing issues through the
      use of the [GitHub Issue
      Tracker](https://github.com/ProactiveProgrammers/www.proactiveprogrammers.com/issues)
      and the [GitHub Discussion
      Forum](https://github.com/ProactiveProgrammers/www.proactiveprogrammers.com/discussions),
      furnishing descriptive titles and problem descriptions that adhere to
      industry best practices and project templates.
    - Submit completed projects that pass all of the instructor-provided and
      industry-standard checks, as evidenced through the report of a passing
      build by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).

## Technical Communication

TODO: Make sure that you assess your own achievement of the learning outcome at
the lowest level of detail. For instance, you should start with "In the correct
public channel ..." in the context of containing prompt. You should go to the
end of the learning objective, press enter, and then rank your self by adding a
number from 1 to 5 and then furnish a justification for this ranking.

A person learning discrete structures with the mindset of a proactive programmer
will be able to demonstrate mastery of the following technology-mediated
communication skills:

- Use [Discord](https://discord.com/) to effectively communicate about
  technology in the following fashion:
    - In the correct public channel, post a question that includes source
      code segments, screenshots, and a description of the steps taken in an
      attempt to solve a problem.
    - Answer questions that were posted in a public channel, responding with
      source code segments, screenshots, and links to external references,
      pointing the proactive programmer who asked the question in the right
      direction without solving the problem for them and limiting their
      opportunity to learn more about the topic in question.
    - Proactively offer to help others who may need to learn scientific,
      mathematical, or technical knowledge and skills that a learner has already
      mastered by sharing the acquired knowledge or skill, how you can be
      contacted, and how you can best assist.

## Opportunities for Improvement

### Your Professional Improvement Plan

TODO: Please write at least two paragraphs that explain the steps that you plan
to take to improve your overall mastery of the technical knowledge and skills
developed as a part of the Discrete Structures course. Your professional
improvement plan should explain SMART (i.e., Specific, Measurable, Achievable,
Relevant, and Time-Bounded) steps that you can take to improve your technical
knowledge and skills during the remainder of the Fall 2021 semester. Please
make sure that you clearly explain why your goals are SMART!

## Suggestions for Improving the Learning Objectives

TODO: Please write at least one paragraph that explains the ways in which the
course instructor and/or the student technical leaders can, for instance,
improve the statement of the learning outcomes, improve teaching in a way that
makes it more possible for you to attain mastery of the learning outcomes,
remove or modify the existing learning outcomes, or add new learning outcomes.
You may also share any other feedback for improving learning in Discrete
Structures.
